http://bit.ly/2ruFrOV
/u/CroatianSpy


The early morning light slowly filtered through the clouds, illuminating the bridge below. The light hit both their faces, creating an eerie, surreal glow. They both stared at the distant water below.

She hovered her foot over the edge, trying to loosen her grip, trying to will herself down. He sat on the ledge near her, rocking his legs. He held a cigarette in one hand.

"There's no rush, you know," he said, almost to himself. "Can't hurt to just enjoy the sunrise for a while."

She ignored him.

"Beautiful morning," he continued, shielding his eyes from the light, "it's a shame we won't be seeing another, really."

"Can you please shut up?" she asked, gripping the railing tightly. "Can't you go off yourself somewhere else?"

"Free country," he replied. He took a drag of his cigarette, blowing out the smoke and savoring the feeling. "What reason a cute girl like you got to end things?"

She shook her head, trying to drown him out. She'd come too far. She couldn't let an idiot like this talk him out of it.

"Really though," he continued, getting up with effort. He walked towards her. "Can't be worse than the mess you'll be in at the bottom."

She glanced at him. He was handsome, in a rugged way. He was holding onto the rail, taking slow, measured steps towards her.

"Are you drunk?" she asked.

"Drunk? Heh, I wish," he replied, flicking his cigarette to the floor and stubbing it out with effort.

"Then what's wrong with you?"

He ignored her, propping himself against the railing next to her. "What's got you down?"

She stood in silence for quite some time.

"...Everything," she finally said, gazing at the horizon.

"Fair enough," he replied.

They both stared at the sunrise, as the city woke up around them.

"Tell you what," he said, turning to face her, "if I can convince you to not kill yourself, you'll go out there and try make the most of it, ok?"

She shook her head. "I've made up my mind."

He nodded. "So have I," he replied, moving to face her on the ledge. The heels of his shoes dangled off the edge.

"Careful... you'll fall," she warned.

"That's the point, isn't it?"

"...I suppose."

He stared into her eyes.

"You know," he said, balancing on the edge, "I think you've got a whole lot more to live for than you realise."

"Same for you, I'm sure," she replied softly.

"Me? Give it a few more weeks, and I won't be able to move. Degenerative disease, they call it. I'm a walking vegetable."

She winced, and he laughed without humor. He looked over his shoulder, the wind catching his coat and making his lose his balance. She grabbed him, steadying him.

"Thanks, love," he said as she held him. "You know, I just wanted one last good memory, before my body fell apart."

He gazed at her. "Looks like I got it."

"Tell you what," he continued, "I'll convince you. I'll convince you to live."

She stared into his eyes.

"Why?"

He kissed her. She felt a tingle run down her spine, like she hadn't felt in years. She finally felt alive.

"So you can live for the both of us," he whispered, pushing himself off the ledge.